jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:83:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:132:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:184:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:193:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:202:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:211:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:218:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:231:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:236:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:263:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:266:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:269:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:306:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:319:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:332:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:341:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:349:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:358:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:368:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:378:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:388:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:748:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:769:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:774:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:864:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:867:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:873:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:876:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1033:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1056:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1059:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1078:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1089:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1096:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1129:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1183:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1186:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1189:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1192:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1224:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:1234:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:2856:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:3377:8:E: end tag for "FIGURE" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:6202:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:6205:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:6208:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:6211:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
jade:/home/opensource/tutorial-imaging/output.sgml:6214:7:E: end tag for "SECT2" which is not finished
