<chapter id="meetings-week1"><title>Semester One, Week One Meetings</title>
<para>
As the first week of the project, this week was devoted to finding an acceptible project, and starting to develop the written report which is due next week.
</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 26 February 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting discussed the following issues:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Consideration of the available projects and the pros and cons</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Requirements for the project in accordance with the persuit of honours for a number of the group members</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Whether the group should be split into a series of smaller groups</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was decided that the group should remain as intended (that is, Daniel, Michael, Nick, Blake and Kristy). The project which is most likely to be undertaken is the GPS laboratory data analysis project -- further information is to be sought from Associate Professor Peter Morgan as to the specifics of this project.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to organise a time for a meeting with Associate Professor Morgan and inform the group -- a preference for tomorrow has been expressed</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan and determine more details for the project</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Friday 1 March 2002</title>
<para>
This was a meeting held between Associate Professor Peter Morgan and the project group. This meeting discussed the following issues:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>The requirements of the GPS data anaylsis project</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The prototyping phase and some of Associate Professor Morgan's expectations of the design and development process</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Issues which should be discussed in the initial report</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Requirements for studying honours and the fact that several members of the group are currently in the process of enrolling in the honours program</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Further research to be undertaken</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was decided that the group would collect further technical information from Associate Professor Morgan and research the problem more over the weekend before developing the initial report. A further meeting has been arranged for Sunday.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake (unable to attend, work commitments)</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Associate Professor Peter Morgan</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to collect information pack before Sunday meeting</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet on Sunday to assimilate information</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan on Monday to flesh out initial report</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Sunday 3 March 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting was called to develop the first draft of the initial report.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Developed a description of the problem</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Identified a variety of risks in the project and assigned varying probabilities to them -- the higher the risk, the more effort the group needs to put into eliminating it</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Our implementation approach, which is based on a series of phases of implementation: prototyping; initial implementation; output development; a graphical user interface; core extensions; non core extensions; and honours extensions</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The testing requirements for the project</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>The group will next meet on Monday to discuss this first draft of the initial report with Associate Professor Peter Morgan.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick (unable to attend, interstate)</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael to finalize the contributions of the group and send a draft of the report to the various group members by email</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan on Mnday to finalize initial report</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
