<chapter id="meetings-week16"><title>Semester One, Week Sixteen Meetings (week 1 examination period)</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Teusday 11 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 5:30pm to 7:00pm, with Associate Prof. Peter Morgan.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion on various topcis.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Disucssion of UI requirements and expectaitons for both prototype and final product.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of Honours extensions for final product - none for prototype.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of how individual efforts will be identified at the projects completion.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress with Peter. The objective of the meeting for us to approach Peter with any questions. These questions were specifically aimed at requirements and scope of the project and prototype. Specifically with regard to mathematical requirements.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Ass. Prof. Peter Morgan</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
No specific action items were identified, however, the following issues were clarified somewhat:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Honours extensions in the prototype are not necessary.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Honours extensions were more clear defined (outlined below).</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Thursday 13 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 6:00pm to -.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion on where people are at.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Further prototyping work carried out.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of the MIT FFTW libray with regards to linking it with CEP and required data structures for FFTW.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion on ways in which to test modeuls with and without the UI.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was essentially tio adavance the state of the prototype along with discussion of the aforementioned topics</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Action item 1</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Action Item 2</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
