<chapter id="meetings-week37"><title>Semester Two, Week 16</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 5th November</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 5.30 to 8:30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project status</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Documentation</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Debugging</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Integration</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Critical items remaining</listitem>
<listitem><para>Honours extensions</listitem>
<listitem><para>Grade and assesment briefing</listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss the state of the project. Of
particular concern were issues relating to the critical items left to complete. Also discussed were
concerns relating to assessment, Honours extensions and their influence on the project as a whole.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Peter Morgan></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
The following Critical Items items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>zoom</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Least Squares</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Windowing</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>FFT/PSD</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Interpolation</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Saving</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>User Interface</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Sunday 10th November</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 14.00 to 17.00
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project status</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Integration</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Critical item progress</listitem>
<listitem><para>FFT/PSD</listitem>
<listitem><para>LS Re-weighting</listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss the state of the project. Work was continued on
critical items.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Padding and Crop of non power of 2 FFT sizes to be handled in interp.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
