<chapter id="meetings-week35"><title>Semester Two, Week 14</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 22nd October</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 18.00 to 18.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project status</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to where people are at.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>No action items were identified.</para></listitem></orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Wednesday 23rd October</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.00 to 17.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project Status</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Documentation</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Product Features</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal, impromptu meeting to discuss the state of the project, in
particular, the status of the project documentation. Concerns were discussed about whether or not automatically generated
documentation using Docbook and Docbooktools would be considered suitable by those evaluating
the project. Also discussed was the tendency for features to just appear; both through discoveries during coding, and expressed needs and
desires from Prof. Peter Morgan and other interested parties.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Efforts would be made to have a complete, demonstrable product to show Prof.
Peter Morgan upon his return from overseas in early November. This would allow changes to be
made if Peter thought it necessary. This would also provide the potential for minor additional
features to be added if they were deemed to be absolutely necessary. Finally, having the project
essentially completed at this time would allow significant focus on the documentation.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>It was agreed that Daniel move his attention toward project documentation.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Thursday 24th October</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.30 to 16.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project status</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Presentation Abstract</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss the state of the project, and to continue the email discuss of the
abstract for the presentation.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>No action items were identified.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Sunday 27th October</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 14.00 to 15.00 
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Project status</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Documentation</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss the state of the project. The main topic of discussion was the
documentation. The issue relating to the acceptance of docbook was of a particular concern.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
The following action items were identified.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Documentation to continue despite the docbook uncertainty</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The docbook issue to be resolved as soon as Assoc. Prof. Peter Morgan returns to Australia.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
