<chapter id="meetings-week25"><title>Semester Two, Week Four</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 12th August</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.00 to 
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Meeting Chair</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Rules for orderly meetings</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Demonstration of prototype in its current state.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para>Prototype help, documentation and comments MATLAB files.</listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of horizontal scaling of graphs in C++ implementation.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Demonstration of user interface in its current state - loads, graphs, zooms, some GUI tools such as
colour change.</para></listitem>
<listitem>Testing - cppunit from sourceforge - for unit testing, testing algorithms etc..<para></para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Bug resolution, tracking </para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of module completed and not yet used; also uncompleted modules.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Development priorities</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Group update from all as to what stage everybody is at with what tasks.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of coding styles which will be adhered to by all members.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Review of black-box design</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Operating system issues - will it work? etc..</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss issues relating to testing, coding format, prioritising. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
ensure that people were familiar with where the project is in terms of schedule etc.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Meeting Chair - Daniel by vote.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Rules for orderly meetings - One person speak at one time; agenda established before the meeting.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick to refine prototype - looking at comments, help and documentation.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Information to be sought from Peter relating to scaling requirements on graphs..</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Bug resolution, tracking - bugs directory to be created in CVS repository.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Bugs to be reported to list with back-trace and warnings etc....</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Tuesday 13th August</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.00 to 
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal meeting - review of state of play</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>continued black-box review</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss state of project - in particular, continuation of black-box review.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
No Action items
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>
</chapter>
